





1.Which Amazon EC2 billing option gives you low cost, maximum flexibility, no upfront costs or commitment, and you only pay for what you use?
	 
Reserved Instances
Spot Instances
Dedicated Host
On-Demand Instances


2.The AWS acceptable use policy for penetration testing allows?
	 
Customers to carry out security assessments or penetration tests against their AWS infrastructure after obtaining authorization from AWS
Customers to carry out security assessments or penetration tests against their AWS infrastructure without prior approval for selected services
AWS to perform penetration testing against customer resources without notification
Authorized security assessors to perform penetration tests against any AWS customer without authorization

3.When using Amazon RDS databases, which items are you charged for? (Select TWO.)
	 
Backup up to the DB size	 
Outbound data transfer
 Single AZ	 
Inbound data transfer	 
Multi AZ


4.Which of the options below are recommendations in the reliability pillar of the well-architected framework? (Select TWO.)
	 
Stop guessing about capacity   
Manually recover from failure   	 
Test recovery procedures
Manage change in manual processes   	 
Scale vertically using big systems   


5.Which AWS service allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configuration?
	 
AWS Config
AWS OpsWorks	 
AWS Service Catalog	 
AWS CloudFormation


6.Which service can be used to manage configuration versions?
 
AWS Config
AWS Artifact
Amazon Inspector
AWS Service Catalog


7.Which service can be used to assign a policy to a group?
	 
Amazon Cognito
AWSn STS
AWS Shield
AWS IAM


8.An organization has an on-premises cloud and accesses their AWS Cloud over the Internet. How can they create a private hybrid cloud connection that avoids the internet?
	 
AWS Direct Connect
AWS Managed VPN	 
AWS VPC Endpoint	 
AWS VPN CloudHub


9.Which type of connection should be used to connect an on-premises data center with the AWS cloud that is high speed, low latency and does not use the Internet?
	 
Client VPN
AWS Managed VPN
VPC Endpoints
Direct Connect



10.What does an organization need to do to move to another AWS region?
 
Submit an application to extend their account to the additional region
Create a separate IAM account for that region
Apply for another AWS account in that region
Just start deploying resources in the additional region



11.Which statement is correct in relation to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model?   
 
AWS are responsible for the security of regions and availability zones   
AWS are responsible for encrypting customer data   
Customers are responsible for security of the cloud
Customers are responsible for patching storage systems   


12.The ability to horizontally scale Amazon EC2 instances based on demand is an example of which concept?
	 
High availability
Elasticity
Economy of scale
Agility

13.Which team is available to support AWS customers on an Enterprise support plan with account issues?
	 
AWS Technical Account Manager
AWS Technical Support
AWS Billing and Accounts   
AWS Concierge



14.Which Amazon EC2 pricing model should be used to comply with per-core software license requirements?
	 
Dedicated Hosts
Spot Instances
On-Demand Instances
Reserved Instances




15.Which storage type can be mounted using the NFS protocol to many EC2 instances simultaneously?
	 
Amazon S3
Amazon Instance Store
Amazon EBS
Amazon EFS



16.When performing a total cost of ownership (TCO) analysis between on-premises and the AWS Cloud, which factors are only relevant to on-premises deployments? (Select TWO.)
	 
Facility operations costs
Application licensing
Operating system licensing
Hardware procurement teams
Database administration



17.Which service can be added to a database to provide improved performance for some requests?
	 
Amazon EFS
Amazon RDS
Amazon ElastiCache
Amazon RedShift




18.What billing timeframes are available for Amazon EC2 on-demand instances? (Select TWO.)
	 
Per second
Per minute
Per hour
Per day
Per week


19.Which tool can be used to create alerts when the actual or forecasted cost of AWS services exceed a certain threshold?
	 
AWS CloudTrail
AWS Cost Explorer
AWS Cost and Usage report
AWS Budgets



20.Which type of security control can be used to deny network access from a specific IP address?
	 
AWS Shield
Network ACL
AWS WAF
Security Group


21.Which of the following is an advantage of cloud computing compared to deploying your own infrastructure on-premise?
	 
Paying only for what you use
Flexibility to choose your own hardware
Spend using a CAPEX model
Ability to choose bespoke infrastructure configurations   


22.To reduce the price of your Amazon EC2 instances, which term lengths are available for reserved instances? (Select TWO.)
 
3 years
4 years
1 year
5 years
2 years

23.Which type of AWS Storage Gateway can be used to backup data with popular backup software?
	 
Gateway Virtual Tape Library
Volume Gateway	 
Backup Gateway	 
File Gateway


24.Which of the following need to be included in a total cost of ownership (TCO) analysis? (Select TWO.)
	 
Company wide marketing
 Facility equipment installation
Application development
 Data center security costs
IT Manager salary


25.Which of the following is a benefit of moving to the AWS Cloud?
	 
Pay for what you use
Capital purchases	 
Outsource all IT operations	 
Long term commitments


26.What is the most cost-effective Amazon S3 storage tier for data that is not often accessed but requires high availability?
	 
Amazon Glacier	 
Amazon S3 One Zone-IA	 
Amazon S3 Standard	 
Amazon S3 Standard-IA

27.Which of the following can be assigned to an IAM user? (Select TWO.)
	 
A key pair
An access key ID and secret access key
 An SSL/TLS certificate
 A password for access to the management console
A password for logging into Linux


28.What is the difference between an EBS volume and an Instance store?
	 
Instance store volumes are ephemeral whereas EBS volumes are persistent storage   
EBS volumes are file-level storage devices whereas Instance store volumes are object-based   	 
Instance store volumes can be used with all EC2 instance types whereas EBS cannot   	 
EBS volumes are object storage devices whereas Instance store volume are block based   


29.What types of monitoring can Amazon CloudWatch be used for? (Select TWO.)
	 
Data center	 
Operational health
Infrastructure
Application performance
API access


30.Which services can be used for asynchronous integration between application components? (Select TWO.)

Amazon SQS
Amazon Step Functions
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
AWS CloudFormation
AWS Route 53



31.Which of the below are components that can be configured in the VPC section of the AWS management console? (Select TWO.)
	 
Subnet
 EBS volumes
Endpoints
Elastic Load Balancer
DNS records

32.What are two components of Amazon S3? (Select TWO.)
	 
Directories
File systems
Objects

Block devices
	 
Buckets




33.What is the benefit of using fully managed services compared to deploying 3rd party software on EC2?


You have greater control and flexibility
Improved security
Reduced operational overhead

You don’t need to back-up your data


34.Which statement is true in relation to data stored within an AWS Region?
	 
Data is always replicated to another region	 
Data is not replicated outside of a region unless you configure it
 
Data is automatically archived after 90 days	 
Data is always automatically replicated to at least one other availability zone


35.Which service can be used to improve performance for users around the world?
	 
Amazon ElastiCache	 
AWS LightSail
Amazon CloudFront
 
Amazon Connect

36.What is the scope of an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)?
	 
It spans all Availability Zones within a region

It spans a single CIDR block   	 
It spans all Availability Zones in all regions	 
It spans multiple subnets





































